Python: Getting Started pymongo (#7810)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/python/common/configuration/integrations/pymongo.mdx

</Note>

## Verify

```python
import pymongo

def main():
    sentry_sdk.init(...)  # same as above
    client = pymongo.MongoClient(DATABASE_HOST, DATABASE_PORT)

    db = client["sentry_test_db"]
    collection = db["sentry_test"]

    with sentry_sdk.start_transaction(name="testing_sentry"):
        collection.insert_one({"test": "sentry"})
        collection.find_one({"test": "sentry"})

main()
```

> This will create a transaction called `testing_sentry` in the Performance section of Sentry and will create spans for the database operations.
> 
> It takes a couple moments until the data shows up in Sentry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will create a transaction called `testing_sentry` in the Performance section of [sentry.io](https://sentry.io), and create spans for the database operations.

It takes a couple of moments for the data to appear in [sentry.io](https://sentry.io).
```
